Improved github actions (#211)
subquery/documentation: docs/run_publish/upgrade.md

## Deploy Changes

> There are three methods to deploy a new version of your project in the SubQuery Managed Service, you can use the UI, directly via the `subql` cli tool, or using an automated GitHub action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three methods to create a project in the SubQuery Managed Service: you can use the UI, create it directly via the `subql` cli tool, or use an automated GitHub action.
```

$ subql deployment:deploy
```

### Using GitHub actions

> With the introduction of the deployment feature for the CLI, we've added a default Action workflow to [the starter project in GitHub](https://github.com/subquery/subql-starter/blob/v1.0.0/.github/workflows/cli-deploy.yml) that will allow you to publish and deploy your changes automatically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the introduction of the deployment feature for the CLI, we've added a **Default Action Workflow** to [the starter project in GitHub](https://github.com/subquery/subql-starter/blob/v1.0.0/.github/workflows/cli-deploy.yml) that will allow you to publish and deploy your changes automatically:
```

- Step 1: After pushing your project to GitHub, create `DEPLOYMENT` environment on GitHub, and add the secret [SUBQL_ACCESS_TOKEN](../run_publish/ipfs.md#prepare-your-subql-access-token) to it.
- Step 2: If you haven't already, create a project on [SubQuery Projects](https://project.subquery.network). This can be done using the the [UI](#using-the-ui) or [CLI](#using-the-cli). 

> - Step 3: Once your project is created, navigate to the GitHub Actions page for your project, and select the workflow `CLI deploy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Step 3: Once your project is created, navigate to the GitHub Actions page of your project, and select the workflow `CLI deploy`.
```

> - Step 4: You'll see an input field where you can enter the unique code of your project created on SubQuery Projects, you can get the code from the URL in SubQuery Projects [SubQuery Projects](https://project.subquery.network). The code is based on the name of your project, where spaces are replaced with hyphens `-`. e.g. `my project name` becomes `my-project-name`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Step 4: You'll see an input field where you can enter the unique code of your project created on SubQuery Projects. You can get the code from the URL in SubQuery Projects [SubQuery Projects](https://project.subquery.network). The code is based on the name of your project, where spaces are replaced with hyphens `-`. e.g. `my project name` becomes `my-project-name`.
```

> - Once the workflow is complete, you should be see your project deployed to our Managed Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion

::: tips Tip
Once the workflow is complete, you should be able to see your project deployed to our Managed Service.
:::
```

> A common approach is to extend the default GitHub Action to automatically deploy changes to our Managed Service when code is merged into main. The following change to the GitHub Action workflow do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common approach is to extend the default GitHub Action to automatically deploy changes to our Managed Service when code is merged into the main branch. The following change to the GitHub Action workflow do this:
```
